X-Plane Aircraft Projects/Bristol_Blenheim_MkI/README.md, before:

# X-Plane Aircraft

Re-creation for X-Plane 11, of various aircraft of historic interest, particularly to the Commonwealth Air Training Plan as well as miscellaneous others

## Bristol Blenheim Mk II

## References

1.  Robertson, Ian S.; Camp Picton, Wartime to Peacetime, Count Magazine, Printshop, Bloomfield, 2013.
2.  Hatch, F. J.; Aerodrome of Democracy: Canada and the British Commonwealth Air Training Plan 1939-1945, Dept of National Defence, Ottawa, 1983.
3.  Williams, James N.; Rge Plan: Memories of the BCATP, Canada's Wings Inc, Stittsville, 1894.
4.  Innes, Graham Buchan; British Airfield Buildings of the Second World War,Midland Publ., 1995.
5.  MacKenzie, A.; Engineering ‘the aerodrome of democracy’, Canada 1939–1944,Engineering History and Heritage 162 August 2009 Issue EH3 Pages 147–155 
6.  Milberry, Larry and Hugh Halliday; The Royal Canadian Air Firce at War 1939 - 1945,Canav Books, RToronto, 1990.
7.  Skaarup, Harold A. [numerous books]   [www.SilverHawkAuthor.com](https://www.SilverHawkAuthor.com), 2021 August 14 10:51 AM

Commit message:

add description in Readme
from Wikipedia Bristol Blenheim article

X-Plane Aircraft Projects/Bristol_Blenheim_MkI/README.md, after:

# X-Plane Aircraft

Re-creation for X-Plane 11, of various aircraft of historic interest, particularly to the Commonwealth Air Training Plan as well as miscellaneous others

## Bristol Blenheim Mk I

The Bristol Blenheim is a British light bomber aircraft designed and built by the Bristol Aeroplane Company (Bristol) which was used extensively in the first two years of the Second World War, with examples still being used as trainers until the end of the war. Development began with the Type 142, a civil airliner, in response to a challenge from Lord Rothermere to produce the fastest commercial aircraft in Europe. The Type 142 first flew in April 1935, and the Air Ministry, impressed by its performance, ordered a modified design as the Type 142M for the Royal Air Force (RAF) as a bomber. Deliveries of the newly named Blenheim to RAF squadrons commenced on 10 March 1937. 



## References

  1.  Hatch, F. J.; Aerodrome of Democracy: Canada and the British Commonwealth Air Training Plan 1939-1945, Dept of National Defence, Ottawa, 1983.
  2.  Williams, James N.; Rge Plan: Memories of the BCATP, Canada's Wings Inc, Stittsville, 1894.
  3.  Innes, Graham Buchan; British Airfield Buildings of the Second World War,Midland Publ., 1995.
  4.  Milberry, Larry and Hugh Halliday; The Royal Canadian Air Firce at War 1939 - 1945,Canav Books, RToronto, 1990.
  5.  Skaarup, Harold A. [numerous books]   [www.SilverHawkAuthor.com](https://www.SilverHawkAuthor.com), 2021 August 14 10:51 AM
